sup Daniel fazu here and today I'm going
to walk you guys through a free course
of how to scale an agency or offer to
100K a month if you're around 2 to 15K
you want to get to 50K 100K and it'll
also apply to getting up to a 500K a
month so we're going to go over offers
marketing channels leveraging AI
Building Systems building Market
Authority and action steps so quick
context I hit my first $1 million month
in December 2024 so everything in this
presentation are Lessons Learned From
accomplishing that plus helping over a
thousand other agency owners inside of
client attension and Olympia quick note
70% % of this revenu is from selling
done for you services not coaching or
info so everything I tell you in this
video is from the perspective of
somebody who's actually doing it part
one creating an irresistible offer that
sells to cold traffic so what what
separates the agencies that stay stuck
at 5 to 10K a month from those that
skill to 50K 100K or even 1 million per
month and it starts with having an offer
that actually sells to cold traffic so
here's the brutal truth many people
don't want to hear most of your current
offers actually suck like they're
completely dog [__] and they're not
they're literally not good at all so
they're not designed to convert cold
traffic specifically right now you're
probably trying to sell something that
the market actively does not want so let
me break down the anatomy of a winning
offer specifically one that sells to
cold traffic so first is pick something
that already sells so this sounds
obvious but it's where most people mess
up they create offers based on what they
think the clients need or what they
personally want to deliver rather than
what the market is already actively
buying right now right I had a student
in client Cen who came to one of my
offers calls with the offer measurement
implementation for e-commerce Brands now
I understand that that sounds fancy but
the problem is nobody is searching for
that and nobody wakes up thinking I need
measurement implementation today it just
doesn't make any sense right instead I
told him to look for existing offers
that are already selling well in his
Niche if you see multiple competitors
making good money with a specific type
of offer that's your signal that there's
actually market demand so let me walk
you through this quick litness test that
works 100% of the time so here's the
question question you need to ask
yourself can you identify even Just One
Singular person that makes at least
$100,000 per month in Revenue selling
your offer as their front-end cold
traffic offer they need to be very
specific with the language I'm saying
right here their frontend cold traffic
offer not a supplemental offer that is
sold to warm traffic or already active
customers they're frontend offer sold to
cold traffic so referencing this same
guy I was just talking about upon
digging deeper with him what I actually
found out was that he was working for a
company that sold webinar funnels to
info product business owners he was just
a part of the customer success
Department of which his job was to dive
into Data so while yes what he is doing
is valuable and does in fact result in
the company making money it's just not
something that cold traffic buys they do
not buy measurement implementation
clearly what they are buying is the
implementation of a webinar funnel so
that they can sign more customers not
measurement implementation you see what
I mean here this is a very important
distinction to be made that it needs to
be the frontend cold traffic offer so to
cold traffic on the front end not a
supplemental offer you see what I mean
what cold traffic was buying was
implementation of a webinar funnel so
that they can make more money not data
analytics profoundly important thing to
understand here and this is one of the
number one things I see people screw up
up is they trying to sell a supplemental
offer and not something that works
through cold traffic on the front end
very very extremely important
distinction to be made here because if
you screw it up there's literally 0%
probability this works for you you see
what I mean very important you should
rewind this video and watch this whole
little sub segment here it's very
important you understand this so second
is to make a concrete and results
focused your offer needs to deliver a
specific tangible result that clients
actually want we'll build you a quiz
funnel for your cold traffic ads that
will double your qualified lead that is
a specific and results focused offer we
provide comprehensive digital marketing
Services is not when working with
another student of mine we reconstructed
his offer to be 13 quote ready
remodeling projects booked into your
calendar in the next 90 days using AI
powered SEO and free ad management
please notice the specificity 13
projects 90 days using specific
technology it's very hyp specific
results focused it's not vague like we
provide comprehensive digital Market
that does not sell to cold traffic of
the front end you see what I mean very
very important you understand this so
third is to focus on front-end customer
acquisition not service bundling all
right so this is critical so I see a lot
of agencies trying to create these
complex service bundles where they're
packaging like five to 10 different
services to Value stack if I include all
of this stuff it's going to be so
valuable that's what you think right the
problem is when you present this to cold
traffic people get confed confed and
overwhelmed so here's another example of
a student he was trying to sell the
these were all different these were all
different products like bundled into
different product bundles so Tech
management growth marketing lead intake
and I told him flat out cold traffic is
not going to respond to do you need
somebody to manage your technology it
it's just not compelling it's it's just
not something that cold traffic buys on
the front end right instead you to
identify the one offer that will get
people to raise their hand and book a
call so for most cold traffic that's
going to be AI focused offers right now
cuz it's novel second is growth
marketing with a quantifiable claim or
something with a unique guarantee right
the rest of your services can be cross
sold after you've acquired the customer
so and for instance like this growth
marketing thing I told him you need take
this growth marketing slap some kind of
quantifiable claim or guarantee on it
and acquire customers via that offer as
your front-end cold traffic offer and
then you can cross sell them Tech
management or lead intake but if you try
to sell this stuff Tech man man agement
lead intake on the front end of Cold
traffic they're not going to buy it
they're not going to book a call they're
not interested in it because it's not a
cold traffic front-end offer it just
doesn't work like that you don't stack a
bunch of value and all I'll do this
service and this service it's too
confusing it's not what they want to buy
what they want to buy is customers right
now and and that's what they want
there's a distinction between what they
need and what they want and what they
what they want is more customers what
they need might be Tech management all
their [__] might be [__] up you see
what I mean like their whole Tech
infrastructure of their company is
probably completely screwed doesn't make
any sense and they need that but it
doesn't matter that they need that you
need to sell them what they want and
then once you sell them what they want
you can sell them what they need later
very very important distinction to make
here right you get cold traffic in the
door with a cold traffic offer and then
later on sell them what they actually
need if you try to sell them something
they need instead of something they want
you simply will not get any responses or
calls booked literally ever very very
important to understand so everybody
needs to go to the gym and eat healthy
food but they want OIC there's a reason
broccoli Farmers aren't billionaires and
the creators of OIC are sell them what
they want and then sell them what they
need after they're already a customer
and begin to know like and trust you do
not screw this up if you screw this up
literally every single thing in the rest
of this course is completely null zero
this is a requirement you see what I
mean like so rewind this video and watch
this part back this is so important all
right so four another very important
thing here is to price it correctly for
your Authority level and we're going to
get into Authority later on but if you
don't have a ton of case studies yet you
can't charge premium prices to cold
traffic it simply won't convert you need
to match your pricing to your perceived
Authority in the market so here here's
two quick graphs for you guys to see so
the more Authority you have the higher
the probability somebody is going to
close and the more Authority you have
the higher the prices they will pay I
had this conversation with another guy
in C sens he was trying to sell a 10K
package with a 90-day guarantee but only
had a 7% % close rate this is across
like this across like 253 calls so it
was it was statistically significant a
7% close rate is a massive indicator
that you were overpriced your PR your
pricing should be at a level that you
exactly close between 18 to 30% of your
calls if it's any lower you charging too
much money in relation to your level of
authority Alex heroi can sell a $50,000
Mastermind offer where you only speak to
him directly four times per year you
cannot this make sense because Alex
Heros has roughly 7,000 times more
Authority than you do a very important
distinction to like Alex can do things
that you can't because his authority is
astronomically in a different galaxy
than yours right you need to be
realistic about what your level of
authority is and temporarily swallow
your ego right so I advise this student
to lower his price temporarily until he
builds more case studies and remember
that this isn't forever it's it's a
strategic move to get more clients in
the door build case studies and then
raise your prices as your Authority
level in increases this is a huge
problem I see with a lot of people they
they take the high ticket pill and
they're like I only charge High ticket
and they take it to the extreme but they
they have zero Authority so just no one
ever buys it and they make no money
you've got this completely backwards you
need to build the case studies and the
Authority First in order to Warrant the
prices these high prices you see what I
mean this is super important so fifth is
to use the right guarantee structure so
the less Authority you have the stronger
your guarantee needs to be if you're
just starting out with few case studies
you might need to Performance Based
model or a strong money back guarantee
why because you're risky because you
have no Authority they're assessing the
probability that once they pay you money
the probability that they lose money is
high because your Authority is low you
see what it mean when your Authority is
low you have to compensate for this by
drisking for the client as your
Authority increases you can shift to
less risky offer structures but always
remember the guarantee is there to
compensate for a lack of case studies
right if you have 50 amazing
testimonials in case studies you don't
need a strong guarantee less Authority
equals stronger guarantee required and
more Authority equals less of a
requirement for a guarantee okay finally
your offer should solve new problems not
existing ones this is a hack this will
actually make your life so much easier
so pay very close attention to this this
is subtle it's so important so if you're
telling clients I can do your current
marketing better than you that's a tough
sell so they have to admit that they're
doing it poorly and you have to be
dramatically better to justify the cost
so this typically also results in
situations where you're trying to pitch
people who actively believe they're
better than you at the thing you're
trying to sell them so for instance I
get a ton of people pitching me to write
my emails to my email list or come up or
do my YouTube content right so 99% of
the time this comes from somebody who
doesn't have their own YouTube channel
or their own email list so here's the
problem they face all of the evidence
points to me being better than them and
paying them money to do it for me would
actively result in me getting worse for
IM imagine your me you got like 25,000
YouTube Subs you make a [__] million
dollars a month in Revenue you have an
email list like 25,00 people on it you
you've been writing your own emails for
multiple years and scripting your own
YouTube videos for multiple years making
a [__] ton of money and then you come
along and you say Daniel I can do this
better than you and you don't even have
your own YouTube channel you don't even
have your own email list you make less
money to me and you're trying to tell me
that you can do it better than me it's
so unrealistic I see it and I'm like
you're such a bullshitter like there's
there's literally no way you better at
this than me there's no way that you
were better at this than me I've been
doing it so much longer than you you see
what I mean so the the perceived status
between this is like I'm seeing them I'm
like you're a bullshitter I'm better
than you if I paid you money to do this
I would literally make less money
because I'm better than you at and this
is what happens when you're trying to
pitch clients on something they're
already doing they literally think that
they're better than you and like they
they probably actually are you see what
I mean so instead what you should do is
focus on solving new problems or
creating new opportunities so something
something like I'll build you a quiz
funnel for cold traffic is creating a
new Revenue stream not replacing an
existing one this is a much easier sell
you ideally want to create something new
like for instance when we were going
back like talking about the webinar
offer like hey I'll watch I'll launch a
webinar offer for you so that you can
you can sign work cines with a webinar
offer I don't run webinars I don't have
a quiz funnel you know what I mean like
these are things that have a profoundly
higher probability of working on me as
opposed to trying to sell me YouTube
content or like emails copyrighting you
see what I mean and this applies to all
people this applies to all clients so
like bad offers so let's say you're
selling a YouTube management or content
marketing offer bad offer is targeting
people who already do well on YouTube
they already do this right the better
offer is targeting people who already do
well on another platform but do not use
YouTube now YouTube is a new opportunity
for them right and they don't actively
think that they're better than you at it
much easier to sell so it's it's always
easier to get somebody to start
something new as opposed to selling them
something that improves something they
already already do you see what I mean
it's like profoundly easier you see what
I mean this this is super super
important you you got to do this so
every this whole offer section all of
this is a requirement for anything else
in the rest of this course to be
relevant at all you actually should
rewind this and rewatch it again super
important so let's go over summary of a
winning offer it has active market
demand so it's something that the market
already wants to buy it's not something
they need it's something they already
want and are actively buying from other
people that's requirement Number One
requirement number two is concrete
results you deliver concrete specific
quantifiable results number three clear
value proposition focuses on one clear
value proposition for frontend
acquisition it's a front-end cold
traffic offer not a supplemental offer
or an offer that is only stld to warm
traffic it's a cold traffic offer very
important all right cool appropriate
pricing need to be priced appropriately
for your level of authority in the
market if you have less Authority charge
less money if you have more Authority
charge more money you should be closing
between 18 and 30% of your live calls
five guarantee structure you have the
right guarantee structure in relation to
your Authority level if you have less
Authority you need more of an aggressive
guarantee that's in favor of the client
as opposed to you number six is New
Opportunities your offer create creates
a new opportunity rather than replacing
an existing function if you get this
right you have laid the foundation for
scale is require all right cool part two
is the right marketing channels for each
stage of growth so once you have an
offer that converts the next question is
how do you get it in front of the right
people and the answer changes depending
on where you are in your growth Journey
so let me break down the right marketing
channel for each stage so let's start
with stage one 0 to 10K a month so at
this stage your primary goal is to get
your first five to 10 clients and build
case studies so you you have limited
time and likely no marketing budget
right just quick context quick reframe
here I want to make this clear this is
your list of priorities at this the
stage of your business first is to get
case studies second is to make money if
you try making money before getting case
studies you end up with less money right
I I want to make I want to make that
abundantly clear your first priority all
the way up to 10K a month number one
priority is getting Cas studies Nothing
Else Matters more than this you need to
get the maximum amount of case studies
as quickly as possible before you worry
about making money you end up making
more money if if you do this it's like
if you're at the gym and you got to you
got to like cut bulk but then some
people try to like recom where it's like
let me try to build muscle and lose fat
at the same time like yeah that works
but it's super [__] slow compared to
just cutting and bulking you see what I
mean get case studies first you make way
more progress way faster like way faster
here's what works best manual Outreach
you're going to do dream 100 strategies
where you're identifying Perfect Fit
prospects and doing personalized
Outreach this is manual right do 10 a
day 15 a day 20 a day manual Outreach
right cold email despite what you might
hear C email still works when done right
with the right offer to the right target
audience you you might see a lot of
stuff about Cil like deliverability
problems and deliverability crisis and
all all deliverability and and spam
problems are a result of people actively
marking you a Spam I I want to make that
abundantly clear if your emails start
going to spam it's because people are
marking you as spam like that's
literally why that's happening right so
if you have a good offer and send it to
a relevant audience they simply do not
Mark you as spam because it isn't spam
you see what I mean and your results are
therefore better so this fundamentally
does not work without a good offer if
you have a bad offer or you're sending
it to an irrelevant audience they Mark
you as spam if you have a good offer and
you're sending it to a relevant audience
they do not Mark you as spam and you
therefore don't get any deliverability
problems you see what I mean very
important to understand here so LinkedIn
both content and direct Outreach can
work here but make sure you're posting
consistently so like five times a week
and doing targetting and targeted
Outreach to people who engage the key at
this at this stage is high touch manual
processes like a substantial amount of
your time should be spent on sales so
like doing manual Outreach and
responding to leads and like go going
through post this this is sales activity
followup it's sales activity this is
literally 80 to 90% of what you should
be doing all day like all of your hours
spent on your business is sales activity
so you're trading time for money until
you can afford to invest in scalable
marketing you just don't have money to
invest into scalable marketing right now
all you have is time right so for your
cold emails keep them absurdly simple I
always laugh when I see people writing
like super long emails it's ridiculous
right simple work so here's an example
script I wrote for a guy selling an AI
cold calling software it says Hey name
are you interested in AI cold callers
that's it that's the entire email
literally just hey name are you
interested in in AI cold callers there's
no other sentence here it's that it's 1
2 3 4 5 6 7 8 nword email that's it
super simple try it out probably going
to work better way better than anything
else you've ever done almost guaranteed
stage two you're around 5 to 10K a month
up to 30k a month so at this stage
you've proven your offer works and you
have some some case studies so what I
what I actually mean by this is you have
a proven offer and you have case studies
so from proven offer and case studies up
to 30k a month so now now you need to
start Building Systems so number one
YouTube content start creating in-depth
valuable content targeting High intent
keywords so every video should have a
lead magnet to capture emails and the
conversion rates on these are insane so
we're seeing like 10 to 20% of viewers
downloading lead magnets on videos with
just 100 views like literally you you
can make a video get 100 views and you
get like 20 email addresses it's insane
you get th000 views get 200 email
addresses I posted a couple of YouTube
videos uh doing lead magnets it was
three YouTube videos and I collected
1,200
emails it was it was insane so second is
increase your C email volume scale up
your sending to sending thousands per
week instead of hundreds right building
email us start collecting emails
aggressively and send daily emails to
Nur your prospect so like these lead
magnets this builds your email list and
then send five broadcast emails per week
with valuable useful information so this
keeps you in front of the audience it
keeps them familiar with you right the
referral Implement systematic ways to
get referrals from existing clients it
means compensating people so generally
you can't go wrong making how-to content
so you make simple screen share content
where you walk the audience through how
you achieve specific results no editing
or thumbnails are required for B2B these
are only slight bumps so like this video
I'm making right now like I'm filming
this with OBS it's just a giant course
of how to make money you see what I mean
all right cool stage three 30k to 100K a
month now you're ready to pour gasoline
in the fire so number one paid ads at
this level you can afford the 6 to 10K
per month minimum it takes to make
Facebook and Instagram ads work start
with $200 A Day ad budget and be
prepared for a $1,500 to $2500 cost to
acquire a customer this is where you're
going to screw up with it this is where
everyone screws up with this because I I
have a program called Olympia where we
help people scale the [__] out of this
so I I spend $7,000 a day on ads 30
people have come through Olympia and
you'll see the case study started
getting posted on my YouTube channel
hundreds of thousands of dollars per
month the new Mr to their business by
doing paid ads what's the difference
between people who make a [__] ton of
money profit on paid ads versus those
who don't I see this all the time people
come in and they'll be like yeah bro ads
just aren't working for me and they're
spending like [__] $50 a day okay so
let's break this down if the cost to
acquire a customer is
$22,000 here's what's going to happen
it's going to take you 40 days to
acquire a single customer so you sit
here and you run your ads for 2 weeks 3
weeks bro I'm just not getting any
clients from like I'm just wasting money
yeah bro cuz you're spending $50 a day
it's going to take you [__] 40 days
to spend two Grand like just spend two
grand a day and sign a client a day like
what are you doing or like the cost per
call for a qualified Prospect for them
is like $300 and it's like bro it's
taking you a full ass week to get a
single qualified call to show up it's
like it's so ridiculous stop being a big
fat [__] [__] about the ad SP that's
why it doesn't work that's like number
one it's it's so obvious it's so it's so
like stupidly obvious so like this is
what I tell people when they join
Olympia like dude it's literally
completely useless for you to even do
anything at all unless you start at $200
a day cuz your cost per call is going to
be like $200 to $300 you need a call a
day at least it's like oh that's a lot
of money it's like dude you'll sign a
client the first week and make all the
money back [__] immediately like grow
up this is why you fail at this stop
doing that all right cool next is hiring
marketing team members so have dedicated
content creators copywriters editors to
help you be producing all this stuff
right third speaking engagements start
going on podcasts or go on people's Live
Events networking join higher level
masterminds and make friends with people
who make things happen stop hanging
around poor people super important all
right cool so one key Insight that's
important is to not run ads to lead
magnets cool so let me repeat this do
not run ads to lead magnets very
important that you hear this like eight
times run them directly to applications
or vsl Pages I've never seen anyone not
even a single person [__] at all even
once not even one time profitably run
ads to leave magnets despite what the
gurus might claim not not even one and
I've posted it on Twitter like find me
one person who can show me profitable
acquisition of customers with the lead
magnet funnel not even [__] one
person can show me don't do it do not
run ads to lead magnet funnels it
doesn't work this is like a billion
dooll company does when they have like a
[__] $50 million a year ad budget do
not do this send it directly to a vsl
page with a direct direct offer do not
do lead magnet funnels to cold traffic
lead magnets exclusively and only work
with warm organic traffic that's why I
said to do it on your YouTube videos
they fundamentally do not even convert
cold traffic ever if you try to do lead
magnif funds to cold traffic there is a
99.99% probability you lose money listen
to me don't do it you're going to lose
money I don't care what anybody else
tells you they're wrong they're
literally wrong like ask for the
receipts where show me the numbers where
you have profitable acquisition on free
lead magnet funnels it's wrong they're
literally lying cool just want to just
want to make that abundantly clear so
you don't lose money expect your cost
for acquisition to be around 2K when
starting with ads this may seem high but
when you do the lifetime value C
lifetime value calculation on a 2K a
month client of saay for 7 months you're
making 14k on a 2K investment it's a
great deal great deal guys you spend 2K
you make 14k over the next 7 months it's
a great investment stop getting so cheap
and greedy about like oh spend 2K they
only paay me 2K this month it's un
sustainable like it's not how you it's
not how you build a scalable business
like you build a scalable business off
of the Arbitrage between cost to acquire
customer versus the lifetime gross
profit that's how you do it Stop Being
Greedy if you want to really scale all
right cool stage four so this over
you're focusing on optimization systems
multi Channel campaign that means you're
running ads across multiple channels
multiple Networks you're building
content on multiple channels uh brand
building that means like doing Live
Events like webinars and [__] uh Team
scaling you're progressively hiring more
sales people in particular and testing
new channels so like way different kinds
of channels like you start doing [__]
like newsletter ads you know what I mean
like just a random [__] right so the key
at this stage is having a data system to
track everything and make decision based
on metrics not gut feelings right so for
instance you need to be using hyos when
you're at this level so so this lets you
see click journeys of every lead where
they come from what ads they're
responding to what videos they're
clicking on what emails they're clicking
on so like if you try if you try I know
say say you buy newsletter ads and then
you could have like a high roast
tracking parameter inside the links and
then you can see like how many people
actually bought from the newsletter you
know it's super important to have this
Data Tracking all right let's move on
fundamental truth about client
acquisition throughout these stages
remember this fundamental truth there
are only three ways to get clients
content ads and Outreach that's it it's
content ads Outreach nothing else exists
everything else is a variation of these
so the mistake most people make is
trying to be on every platform at once
instead Master One Channel on each stage
before adding more but don't go straight
to ads when you don't have money you're
going to lose money like you don't
understand like you'll go negative -2 or
3K before you sign a client and then
they only pay you 2 or 3K and it's like
you just can't afford that when you
don't have any clients it it's more like
an emotional thing like you you'll freak
the [__] out and not look at data that's
literally what you'll do all right cool
part three is leveraging AI to create
massive efficiency so if you're not
using AI to create leverage in your
business you're fighting with one hand
tie behind your back I've been
integrating AI aggressively into all
aspects of our operations it's been
literally insane so here are some key
areas to AI right now first is content
creation and repurposing so I showed
this to some of the guys in one of my
coaching calls I use claw to generate
content ideas and even full scripts so
whenever somebody on one of my call says
they don't know what content to be I get
this all the time someone be on one of
my one of my calls in client Ascension
or Olympia and they'll say I don't know
what content to make I just functionally
don't know what to say so whenever they
do this I open claw and I do this right
in front of them I'll input a prompt
like I'm working with a client who runs
X business and they want to start making
YouTube content generate 20 ideas
targeting High intent keywords Their
audience would be searching for this
spits out 20 completely and amazingly
relevant ideas for them this is the
prompt it's great there's never a
shortage of content to make it's only a
shortage of Mo motivation to make it
here's another strategy extracting core
lessons from existing content so upload
transcripts of other sales calls
consultant calls client calls or
networking calls ask it to extract the
core lessons of principles from the from
the conversations then direct it to
format these lessons or principles into
content for LinkedIn or Twitter or email
list you can write full ass emails from
content you've would from just
transcripts of calls you've already had
strategy 3 is YouTube video we're
purposing so you can go to YouTube to
transcript.com you can input a YouTube
video link uh copy the transcript upload
that transcript to Claud give it the
prompt that says you've been given a
transcript for one of my recent YouTube
videos I want you to create 10 tweets
based on the lessons from this YouTube
video The tweets should be written to
independently perform well it's likely
this would work better with grock
instead of Claude because grock is
directly uh integrated with Twitter but
the whole premise here is that if you
just get transcripts and upload
transcripts of literally anything as
knowledge you can ask it to perform
anything right so this this alone
literally saves 10 to 20 hours per week
on content creation so let's keep going
second S Sales script and email Jud so
at list kit we used to manually write
qual email scripts for each client so if
you're signing 7 to 10 new clients per
day which is pretty normal there that's
super unsustainable you got to write 7
to 10 qual Emil scripts a day it's a lot
right so our solution we compiled 300
plus successful scripts we've written
manually uploaded them to a CLA project
now we use a zap that takes new client
onboarding information sends it to claw
with the prompt using the knowledge from
the previous successful scripts write a
new script for this client it generates
a solid first draft for for our team
that just needs to review them so this
took us from writing four to five
scripts per day to being able to handle
50 plus with the same team so the the
team was only capable of doing five to
four four to five a day but now they can
do 50 plus cuz it's just reviewing and
adjusting AI generated stuff and the AI
generated stuff was generated from
content that already was proven to work
and already did work see how massive
this is like this s this literally saves
you like $2 to $3,000 a month from going
to go hire someone else I had another
client who runs a YouTube content agency
he was paying $500 per YouTube script so
this is clearly unsustainable right so I
told him to upload all of his best
performing YouTube scripts from other
clients feed it with new the new client
information and have Claude write a
YouTube video script based off the
script that already performed well this
is an immediate cost reduction of
multiple thousands of dollars per week
like you might save like literally two
grand a week like 5 to8 grand a month
just by using AI you see what I mean
like you need to aggressively use this
[__] right now because it saves you a
[__] profound amount of money and
it's not even that it just saves you
money it's that it makes your life so
much easier like you don't have to go
and sit here and interview people and
hire people like you still hire people
but it's like bro their job is so much
more scalable one person could do the
job of like four [__] people so you
don't need to go hire four people now
and spend all the time doing that and
training them you only need to do one
person like I'm not [__] around here
like you you have to do this you need to
start aggressively implementing this
[__] inside of your business right now
this is super important so third is
video sales letters whenever I write a
video sales letter my first action is to
download the transcript of 10 to 15
sales calls and then give it this prom
please list out all of the questions and
objections these prospects give us in
descending order of the frequency with
which they're asked right I I made an
entire YouTube video about this strategy
it's the $10 million vssl script there's
a video on my Channel right now the
outline of your vssl is simply these
questions listed in descending order all
of the objections you get on the sales
call the vssl outline is literally just
those questions listed out in descending
order of the frequency with which
they're asked because if you list them
out in the descending order of the
frequency with which they're asked what
that means is that it is just by
mathematical nature in The Logical order
that the questions are asked otherwise
if someone asks you a question and then
you answer the question it typically
results in a second order question so
like the next question they ask only
occurs because of the answer to the
first question and if you just list them
out in descending order of the frequency
with which they're asked it by Nature
uncovers the second order questions you
see what I mean this is why this works
so well there is no longer any need to
ponder upon what exactly you need to say
inside of a vssl sales paid right
literally just answer all of the
questions in descending order it's
[__] crazy it's it's literally so
efficient all right cool part four
Building Systems to handle rapid scaling
so once you start growing quickly you'll
hit operational bottlenecks that can
strangle your growth here's how you
build systems at scale so first is team
structure and compensation so this is
the biggest problem that I see every
single agency owner making it doesn't
even have to be an agency literally any
business you're selling any B2B offer
you're hiring full-time employees on
fixed salaries without performance and
incentives when you pay people on a
fixed basis they do the bare minimum
required that's literally what you would
do like imagine you only get paid you
get paid 5K a month regardless of your
output you're going to do the bare
[__] minimum effort 100% of the time
literally it's not saying like you're
lazy that's how your your body is
designed to expend the least amount of
calories that's literally what you're
supposed to do right so at my companies
all of the people I advise 50% of
everyone's compensation is to Output at
least 50% this creates alignment and
prevents the classic scenario where
employees drag their feet in projects
why is this important and you might be
saying well what about customer success
yeah even customer success they are
compensated if their job has to do with
deliverables they're paid by the
production of the deliverable so the
more deliverable you're able to do per
day at a sufficient quality you get paid
per deliverable there's slight fixed
components and if if it's customer
success they're compensated based on
retention of customers and clients under
man management they start losing clients
or they start having children they make
less money you see what I mean just like
salesp people are compensated and even
customer success like they're
compensated based on upsells as well so
now they're incentivized to upsell the
clients every single person has to be
incentive based is if they're not
incentive based they just do the bare
minimum this applies to every single
Department all of them 100% of every
single person in the company needs to be
incentive based no one person should be
completely just fixed salary it it
literally doesn't make any sense for
growth it doesn't make any sense like
completely dead [__] zero sense stop
doing that every single person needs to
be compensated it at least 50% of their
compensation needs to be tied output and
performance if you don't do this people
just turn from a players into like C
player that's literally what they do
they need to be compensated based on
output and performance so the right team
structure evolves as you grow so like 0
to 10K a month you might have like one
VA one part-time person 10 to 30k a
month you're going to have like one to
two fulfillment special I typically
steer people towards hiring for
fulfillment before sales typically so 30
to 100K a month you got to start adding
a sales team dedicated customer success
specialist and and specialized
fulfillment rules and 100K a month is
department heads managers and
specialized teams PODS of teams and [__]
so key Insight hire for your bottle neck
first so I had a client who's stuck at
11k Mr and for multiple months he was
stuck there he was constantly coming my
coming to my calls asking about how you
can get more clients same question every
single [__] week guy stuck at 11k a
month how do I get clients and I keep
telling him the same [__] over and this
is how you get clients do this this is
your action item he comes back how do I
get clients like bro I literally just
told you what to do did you do it he
says no literally same thing every time
so for multiple weeks I keep giving him
the same action items but he simply
would not do them by the fourth or fifth
time he does this I'm like okay there's
a problem here so I start digging deeper
I found out it wasn't that he didn't
know how to sign clients it was that he
was actively ignoring leads and not
following up with people who were
interested because he had a subconscious
hate for fulf ining clients he literally
hated fulfilling for for clients he
hated it he hated fulfilling so much
that he actively preferred just making
less money he preferred to not sign
clients and be poor than to fulfill for
the client so the obvious thing to do
here was drop everything else in the
company and start hiring for somebody to
do the Fulfillment for him in this case
he was running a cold email legent
agency he was just building lead list
for clients which is extremely easy to
hire for CU we have detailed Sops for It
Anyway this this is the premise I'm
trying to get at like a lot of people
you think your problem is client
acquisition like I just need more
clients I just need more clients I need
to get more clients and that's literally
not the case at all like that's
literally not the problem what you're
actually doing is subconsciously
sabotaging yourself because you [__]
hate fulfilling purle clients that's why
I say in 99% of the cases you need to
hire for fulfillment because it's it's
manual monotonous work that's annoying
as [__] to do as a Founder you see what
I mean super important and it's also
super important that you recognize your
[__] here like for weeks he he
literally personally he personally
thought that he was having a client
acquisition brought he literally he
vehemently actually 100% believed that
but it was [__] wrong it's is not
true it's l it's literally not true
couldn't even see that and he needed
somebody else to tell him so there was
zero point in even thinking about
acquiring more clients it was impossible
for them to be serviced in the first
place literally what you're doing here
is like imagine you're an e-commerce
brand and you're spending a [__] ton of
money on ads and you run out of stock
and then you keep running ads to your
product that's out of stock it l it
literally doesn't make sense you see
what I mean like stop spending money on
ads if you don't have stock to sell get
the stock first you see what I mean so
focus on the problems directly in front
of your face there is a reason that this
sentence right here is bold focus on the
problems directly in front of your face
not problems that are 10 steps ahead I
see this [__] all the time people you're
worried about scale like oh this won't
scale this won't scale this won't scale
it's like bro don't [__] worry about
scale worry about getting from 10K a
month to 10 to 20 came worry about
signing your next three clients stop
worrying about scill all the [__] you
[__] up can be fixed easily later on
like stop being dumb you like if you've
never been at the point in your business
where you were 10 steps ahead like you
don't even know how this works yet like
just sign more clients just hire the
Fulfillment people only worry about the
things that are directly in front of
your face all cool second Sales Systems
as you scale your sales processes need
to evolve some critical components
number one is calendar management super
[__] crazy right here but this is
literally one of the best sales pieces
of sales Sal advice you will ever get in
your life I promise you having more
available time slots dramatically
increases booking rates without any
additional traffic set up your calendar
for 14 hours a day of availability you
won't get all the slots filled but the
increased variance and available times
will boost your booking rates let me
repeat this again having more available
time slots dramatically increases your
booking rates without any additional
traffic why because people run their own
lives and if you only have inconvenient
times available on your calendar they
will just not book The call they will
just not do it they will only book The
call if it is convenient for them
therefore you want to maximize the
probability that you have a convenient
time available therefore make your
availability 14 hours per day we do this
at our companies now like each day when
we're we're running traffic to [__] has
14 hours or more available we got people
cross time zones but like you you're
below 30k a month there's literally no
reason you should not have a profoundly
open calendar and if you get a call book
then it really is like a super
inconvenience just email them and ask
them to change it they will right but if
they didn't have the inconvenient time
in the first place they wouldn't have
booked and they would have just bounc
and you wouldn't have got the call book
this is super important right here I'm
not I'm really not [__] around when
I'm when I'm trying to convey to you
just how important this actually is for
the success of your business especially
when you're small open your calendar
like wide all right cool lead
qualification you use type forms to
pre-qualify inbound leads don't do this
for outbound leads only inbound leads if
you if you got YouTube traffic coming
through like your offer is like 3,000
4,000 $5,000 a month ask people what the
revenue are and if they if they make
less than two grand a month reject them
they can't afford your [__] don't even
talk to them it's literally a complete
waste of time literally a complete waste
of time don't talk to people who are not
qualified for the pricing of the offer
it doesn't make sense it's a complete
waste of time but only do this for
inbound leads from like your YouTube
traffic and [__] not your outbound all
right cool so sales assets create
documents addressing common objections
so I went through this practice with a
client who kept coming back to me um to
my calls every week he was telling me
that he was stumbling on the same
objections over and over again so the
solution here was to create sales assets
that simply answer the objections which
were in his case it was how long will it
take to see results and how do I know
you understand my industry right so I
told him to just make sales assets that
show all of his client data and how long
it took them to see results and then
what what industry the clients were like
that's it that's all he needed to do to
answer the objection so third is client
on board management faster you grow the
more critical your client onboarding
becomes a few key elements clear
contracts vague contracts lead to
disputes right you need to be you need
to be explicit about what constitutes a
refund or satisfaction very clearly
explicitly this is when you get a refund
this is when you do not get a refund if
you leave [__] vague you're just going
to get his ped right so be clear about
what you will will not do so a lot of
people they start talking about like
scope creep of a client like I started
doing this for the client and they
started having me do this started having
me do this started having me do this you
need to be very abundantly clear about
what you do and do not do in the
contract you see what I mean now there's
no dispute this is what you pay for this
is what's in the I don't do this it
explicitly says I do not do this in the
contract you need to be clear right so
documented process every client
interaction to follow standardized
process client success metrics Define
clear kpis for each client so you can
objectively measure success Data
Tracking when I say that you need to be
tracking every single piece of data in
your business there also applies to the
clients let's say you're like an ad
agency or some [__] like you need to
have you need to have weekly reporting
of every every single thing that is
happening across all of the ad metrics
for for for the clients you need to send
it to them and you need to keep it
tracked internally yourself so that you
can model out the results of all clients
you have over time so like we have this
even in our coaching side and clients
end up on type forms and we have monthly
business Health audit calls for every
single student in client Ascension where
you and your Student Success coach and
client Ascension go in and you start
inputting and tracking all the metrics
of everything that happened in your
business what does this mean it means
that over multi months you could see
what is happening in the business like
how many calls we booking how many
clients are we signing and then you can
model it out based off like okay well I
sent this much Outreach I did I did this
much content I sent this many emails you
can model out here's how many calls you
book when you do this much marketing
volume you see what I mean we track this
for all of our clients you need to track
this for all of your clients just a big
giant [__] Google sheet of raw data
if you want to make graphs and [__] you
can just upload the raw data to chat GPT
and have it make like graphs and [__]
but just track raw data week by week
track it you need to have this you need
to do this for for your own business too
all right four assembly line delivering
delivera bus for for a client Works in
an assembly line fashion Define
everything that needs to happen in order
then create Loom videos that show you
doing each step of the assembly line
This is the training material for people
you hire so like let's say for instance
that you're an Ecom email marketing
agency what does this mean how how do
the deliverables of this work well first
you need like the strategy I guess so so
someone does the strategy and like comes
up with the Angles and [__] and then all
the copy needs to be written and then
only after all the copy is written can
you design the emails with the copy so
it goes strategy first and then writing
the copy and then designing the emails
and then uploading the emails and each
step is a contingent upon the completion
of the previous step so it's an assembly
line that each client goes through step
one and step two can only occur once
step one has been completed and step
three can only occur once step two has
been completed so it's an assembly line
you need to build processes of how to
execute each step you see what I mean
fourth Financial modeling to past 100K a
month you need you need to be
financially modeling so for instance
knowing what your cact LTV ratio is so
like if I pull this up this is a Google
sheet showing a CA LTV ratio so what
does this mean this simulates out like
how much ads spend and how much profit
you'd realize over that amount of AD
spend so let's take this for instance
let's say our average revenue per
customer is $3,000 per month right let's
say our gross profit on that is 70% and
then let's say our average client stays
for 7 months which is 14% churn and then
let's say we spend 30 $330,000 on ads
let's say our cost per qualified showed
up call is let's say $350 and let's say
your close rate on that is 25% what does
this mean what does this show us it
shows us that our cost to acquire a
customer is
$1,400 and our lifetime gross profit on
the customer is $115,000 and the ratio
between these two numbers is 10.7 what
that also allows us to see is that if we
spend $30,000 on ads we will acquire 86
customers and that will realize us a
total profit of
$291,400 you need to financially model
this [__] out so you know what is
happening in your business and you know
that if your C starts going above this
then you can model out what it's going
to look like when the Cal go is above
this and then you can analyze where are
you profitable where are you
unprofitable you need to know these
numbers this is not like if you're
trying to run a serious business you
can't [__] around with this [__] you
have to know what the numbers like
you're literally blind like you're
literally a blind person trying to cross
a heavily trafficked Street it doesn't
make any sense you're going to get hit
by a car and die you can't do that you
see what I mean like you you need to see
right so this type of financial
remodeling allows you to make data
driven decisions about where to invest
if you're spending $2,000 to acquire a
customer who pays $2,000 per month for
an average of 7 months delivering
$144,000 in Revenue in $7,000 of profit
that's a good investment even though the
C looks High see what I mean most agency
owners get stuck because they focus on
profit margins instead of absolute
profit so quick question would you
rather have $80,000 profit on $100,000
in revenue for 80% margin or would you
rather have
$400,000 profit on $1 million in Revenue
at a 40% margin it's very [__] clear
here that it's this is five times more
profit for half the margin you want more
absolute volume of profit not profit
margin doesn't [__] matter profit
margin it's it's how much profit at all
is made you see what I mean so this the
ladder the 1 million requires you
temporarily accept lower margins to fuel
the growth in the first place so you see
this [__] all the time where people are
like oh my you guys running this low
margin business but get low margin
business except it's growing [__] 10
15% month over month like literally
every month you're making millions of
dollars and progressively more profit
over and over and over and over again
it's a dumb [__] people say absolute
profit is better than profit margins all
right fifth capacity planning when you
have a ton of demand coming in for your
offer but you can't handle all of it you
only have two options either slow down
acquisition while you build fulfillment
capacity or create a weight list system
for new clients so both work but
remember that slowing acquisition means
your growth rate will stall so it's
better to have capacity slightly ahead
of demand uh when possible even if that
means some clients have delayed
onboarding so like it is better to just
sign the clients and have them wait a
little bit for the onboarding because
paying clients are scarce right this is
like a super super important premise to
understand is that if you arise into a
situation where people are actively
trying to pay you money it's important
that you don't [__] this up and take it
for granted right this isn't a common
situation people are just trying to pay
you money this is a scarce thing in the
world this does not just happen and it's
not always going to be the case right so
so you have a responsibility to extract
the much profit from this business as
fast as possible for the market get
condition to change what you are doing
right now in this very moment will not
last forever like if you have an offer
in a marketing system that's actively
producing business like this is not
something that just [__] happen
paying clients are scarce you need to
sign these people as fast as [__]
possible before this [__] stops because
it will stop this doesn't just happen
forever like it's very important you
understand this all right cool part five
building authority that closes deals so
the single biggest factor in your
ability to charge premium prices close
at high rates and scale efficiently is
your Authority in the market the higher
your Authority the easier everything
becomes so like just always just always
like repeat this in your head like this
is important for you to actively repeat
to yourself continuously how much easier
would my business be if I had 10 times
more Authority right now the client
saying dumb [__] to you would that
really be happening if you had 10 times
more Authority right the dumb objections
you're getting on calls would that
really be happening if you had 10 times
more Authority the answer is no right
building authority is like being an
extremely hot girl like literally
everything in life is easier it's a 100%
easy mode so here's how just
systematically build Authority so first
create magnum opus content so this is
comprehensive in-depth cont content that
demonstrates your expertise what should
your magnum opus piece of content be it
should explain why your way of doing
things is better than anything else it
should address common objections that
people have once they hear your way of
doing things it should provide
actionable Frameworks that show how to
do your way of doing things it should
counter sell against competing
methodologies this person says that you
should do it like this they're wrong
here's why it should include data case
studies and evidence to back up your
claim that your way is better and it
should completely [__] on alternative
ways of doing completely [__] on it when
you meticulously walk through why your
approach works and why Alternatives fail
you're not just teaching you are
positioning yourself as the definitive
expert you're literally saying I'm right
everybody else is wrong it's not like
you're bullshitting this like you're
including data and case studies and
evidence to back up like I'm [__]
right you see what I mean like that
that's what you're trying to do so
second is to document and share results
so nothing builds Authority faster than
documented results that's what case
studies are for instance don't you think
it would be a good idea to have a mega
Google sheet calculator that displays
all of your client average results and
upon putting in your prospects data
could immediately model out exactly the
kind of results that they could expect
working with you and how long it would
take based on your previous client
results pretty [__] profound asset
here to have builds a [__] ton of
authority and and don't you think having
dozens of client interviews documenting
exactly the results they experien
publicly posted on the internet would be
a good way to convey to the internet
that you're not a random internet
scammer who doesn't know what they're
talking about see what I mean when when
I share that we're spending $7,000 per
day on ads and booking 40 to 50 sales
calls daily that's not bragging it's
establishing Authority through
transparency about processes and results
when I show screenshots of me making a
million dollars in a month I do that to
convey Authority I'm not trying to brag
I'm trying to tell you that the [__] I'm
explaining in this video is [__]
correct here's evidence million dollars
a month and then someone will say well
this guy over here says this like does
that guy make a million dollars a month
and if the answer is no [__] that guy
but he literally doesn't know what the
[__] he's talking about like this is
what I'm trying to convey and you need
to do this yourself like you need those
results you need to get the results as
fast as [__] possible because the the
faster you get these results the faster
you don't have to deal with this stupid
dumb [__] from clients anymore you
see what I mean the faster you could
charge more money without people getting
throwing a [__] hissy fit around it
this is what I'm trying to explain to
you how important this [__] is how much
easier would my business be if I 10
times more Authority right now literally
like how much easier would my romantic
life be my dating life be if I was
[__] hot if that was bad it's bad as
[__] the answer is obviously it would be
ridiculously easier let's not try to
[__] scoot around this this reality
yes you need to build a personal brand
like yes you need to have a [__] ton of
content that conveys yourself as as an
authority yes you need you need evidence
to back up the [__] you're saying you
need to have these case studies you need
to [__] prove what you're saying like
you need to be hot literally everything
is so much easier when you're just when
you just have an insane amount of
authority so most of everybody body's
problems with building authority is that
you're not being serious at all so like
how do we build Authority the answer is
content and case studies those are the
mechanics of how to build Authority but
still when I say that some people still
might have a problem with doing it the
the real reason as to why you have a
problem with doing is that you're not
being serious at all so when I say be
certain about your methodology and [__]
in other people's methodologies you
literally just don't even have a
methodology that you vehemently believe
in you don't know why your way of things
doing better you might not even believe
your way of doing things is better you
see what I mean you don't even know how
to counter sell against the Alternatives
because you don't even give a [__] to
learn about what the market is actively
doing right now you literally don't even
have a way that you believe is better
that's why you have a problem with
building authority you see you haven't
gone on [__] skitso autist hyper
research mode staying up till [__]
3:00 a.m. [__] tinkering with [__]
really trying to find a actually better
way of doing [__] like the re reason you
don't have these components right here
is because you you have not dedicated
the time required to actually [__]
build a methodology that's why most
people have a problem with building
authority so if you want to start
getting better results you need to start
getting serious about developing me
methodologies Frameworks to actually
drive substantial business results and
then start shouting that [__] from the
rooftops and going on [__] Crusades
against people who try to argue against
you that's what Authority looks like
this is my way of doing [__] somebody
tries to [__] say that's wrong you go
on a [__] Crusade against them like
no you're wrong you go [__] insane
here's [__] tons of evidence why you're
wrong and I'm right like that's the
frame that you need to be having like
you need a [__] insane belief in your
methodology your entire frame of
reference needs to be I am right you are
wrong and I will bet all of my money
that I will beat you that's literally
what you need to do here all right cool
third build relationships and networks
Authority isn't just about what you know
it's about who knows you and who you
know so I accept every podcast
invitation speaking opportunity and
Mastermind I can because each one
expands my network of relationships so
this isn't just Network you're building
a web that's social proof when I speak
at a mastermind with 70 successful
business owners I gain Authority in the
eyes of everybody in that room fifth
overcome your fear of being called out
many of you aren't creating content
because you're afraid somebody with more
Authority will call you out for being
wrong this fear is holding you back from
building your own authority right so the
the reality is that almost no one will
call you out even if they do it's not
the end of the world the upside to put
yourself out there far out ways the
downside so you believe that if you
start shouting your methodologies from
the rooftops that people with more
Authority with you will go on full on
campaigns to discredit you this simply
does not happen touting complete [__]
[__] but it it's it doesn't happen
so nobody cares about you it's like
going to the gym and saying I'm scared
I'll get too muscular it it's like it's
just a functionally impossible dilemma
for this to ever happen it's it's
literally just not going to happen right
so six exploit flywheel so remember that
Authority is a virtuous cycle the more
Authority you have the higher prices you
can charge the better your close rates
become the more people seek you out
instead of you chasing them down the
faster you can grow the referrals in
Word of Mouth which means you sign even
more clients which means you get even
more results and build your Authority
even higher right so if I had to
identify the single biggest
differentiator between agencies that
stay small and those that scale to 100K
a month Beyond it's their commitment to
building authority in their Market not
even a single [__] thing comes even
close to this not even [__] remotely
close in the same galaxy at all it's
build Authority as fast as conceivably
possible not even a single thing not
even a single variable comes [__]
close to the importance of this just be
the hot girl and play on easy mode very
simple all right cool conclusion action
stest here's a summary of each key
action step if you're doing 0 to 10K a
month you create a winning offer focus
on focus on creating one front-end offer
that actually sells to cold traffic
number two is manual Outreach you do
manual Outreach through dream 100 in
cold email three content creation start
creating content that establishes your
expertise four focus on getting 5 to 10
solid case studies before making profit
right okay now if you're doing 5 to 10K
a month up to 30k a month systematize
your marketing start systematizing your
with YouTube content and Lead magnets
right build an email list and email it
every day send substantially more emails
hire your first one to two team members
for fulfillment if you're doing 30k to
100K a month test paid ads minimum
budget 6K a month anything else is
[__] stupid right build out your team
structure with specialized roles
Implement Financial tracking like know
your numbers you have to know everything
then create fulfillment systems to
process if you're doing 100K a month or
more actively run all channels Outreach
content and ads build department heads
and Management Systems focus on brand
building make more offers create cross
selles and upsells right if you want
personal help with implementing this
client extension is the first option
I'll help you build client acquisition
system so you can reach 10 to 30k a
month so if you're below 30k a month and
you want to get there as fast as
possible and just have me tell you
handhold this is the action step do this
do this do this client sent.com Link in
the description if you're above 30k a
month and you want to hypers scale with
cold traffic ad funnels and get to like
300K a month join Olympia this is
one-on-one in group like you're going to
talk to me oneon-one a lot in Olympia
the link to that is in the description
I'm help you build out your ad funnel
oneon-one this over here is if you're
below 30k a month all right that's it
for me if you got some value from this
subscribe leave a comment like the video
I love you peace